Clarify Serverless Function usage with Next.js (#2119)
vercel/docs: pages/docs/serverless-functions/supported-languages.mdx

Within the `/api` directory of your projects, <ProductName /> will automatically recognize the languages listed on this page, through their file extensions, and serve them as Serverless Function.

<Note>

>   In a Next.js application, unless you are using Node.js functions, ensure you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In a Next.js application, use `/pages/api` for Node.js functions and use `/api` for all other languages.
```

Let's keep it simple

  are putting these files in `api` in the project root to be processed by the
  platform, rather than `pages/api` to be processed by Next.js

> </Note>

Reviewer 2: LGTM.

>   In a Next.js application, use `/pages/api` for Node.js functions and use `/api` for all other languages.
>   are putting these files in `api` in the project root to be processed by the
>   platform, rather than `pages/api` to be processed by Next.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In a Next.js application, use `/pages/api` for Node.js functions and use `/api` for all other languages.
```
